I flew back to Shenyang China on Jan 31st from Orlando via Washingtong D.C and Beijing, arriving at Shenyang on Feb 1st. Spending my 1st night in a small hotel which stopped offering my room due to the temperary block-out policy established by the local government according to the reception, I had to change my stay to an airbnb house, which is my stay of last night. This morning when I was having breakfast, my door was knocked open by a group of people saying they were doing health check. My body temperature was measured as well as my girlfriend's. Our contact info and id # were kept in kind of record which were fairly reasonable based on the serve infection outbreaking in China.

On my flight to China, I saw that only Chinese had masks on within United States, though some of them were not wearing the right effective masks to protect them from catching and avoiding the virus. My flight from D.C. to PEK is UA 807 and there were countable passengers onboard which really surprised me. I could forsee a dropdown in demand for traveling to China, but not like this, there were no more than 100 people on UA 807 by my estimation including the crew. I guess there was enough room for everyone onboard to lay themselves down. Most of the creww were not wearing masks, but one Chinese attendant suggested wearing one if possible in Chinese annoucment and she was the only one wearing a mask in the crew. Still, all those from America were not wearing masks as I could see, including me(though I had two packs of N95 masks in my bag), and all the Chinese vistors or at least Chinese, wore various kinds of masks. I bought my masks about one and a half weeks before my filght when I noticed the spread of virus in China. That afternoon of placing my order on Amazon, all the available masks turned out of stock or in stock next month. I worried about the infection once when I realised that the gov in Wuhan was not making any effors to take control of the spread. But soon I decided I would still go back to China for many personal reasons. However, somehow I regretted that decision after my experience today.

Being informed that I could only stay at the first hotel until Feb 2nd, I booked an Airbnb house. The host accepted and confirmed my reservation without any question. When I checked out at the first hotel and contacted my host, he told us that the room was not cleaned and not ready for us to check in. After negotiation, we got another room to stay and spend the coming night, together with a promise that we would have our original room the next day, which is today.I am not a picky person and happy to accept the offer. I was having a good time enjoying conveninent delivery food and my precious stay with my girl in the temparary house. But I could never imagine what happened this morning.

When I was having brunch this morning after isolating ourselves for the first day (self-isolation is recommended by Chinese gov for travelers no matter where they are from and to), some volunteers from the community(they called themselves that) together with assistants of the police, knocked at my door. They asked about my flights and my girl's. I told them my stay in D.C. and Beijing, and they worte down my flights # as well as my id #, no exception even though I was living in Shenyang for almost 20 years and held an Shengyan ID card. They also measured our body temperatures and kept those in record. I totally understood that this was a wise and necessary act from the local gov, but the way they asked about our iternary and how they looked at us made me really uncomfortable. Apparently they had treated every vistor or traveler as an imagined infected person. My girl, just waking up, was a little high in temperature(about 37.2 degrees centigrade) as we were eating spicy beef noodles and was at once labelled as 'having a fever' recklessly. There was no any medical staff, and they immedately called for an disinfection clean in front of us acting like we were breathing out viurs even though all the people present were wearing a mask. Smiling at the same time, they told us to stay indoor and my girl not to go out, which we had been doing even before they came. Their words sounded like 'you two stayed together whatever and if she's infected then you would be infected anyway' and 'let them two stay isolated and infect each other'. I appreciate their work to control the disease and their caution upon the contact. They said nothing wrong and nothing abour discrimination, bu it's still obvious that they treated us unevenly. I had excepted a friendly and kind return to home sweet home, though I have moved to Orlando and lost a literal home in Shenyang for years.

Another thing to mention, people in China are now wearing masks everywhere and everyone. I've never been afraid of the virus or the pneumonia, but I am really threatened and frightened by the panic they caused. Let's see else what will happen before my return flight to Orlando, which is also suspended due to the virus and I will have to take the wavier sometime later.

Hope my girl healthy as well as everyone out there in panic.
